Grandpa
I would like to ask you to cancel my engagement with your grandson
You and my grandson are not grandfathers
I am Gu Qianyun
You are Qianyun
My granddaughter-in-law
Yes grandpa
So I'm sorry.
I would like to ask you to cancel the engagement
Because I don't want to marry your grandson Lu Mingzhou
Sun Tzu Road
Hahahahaha
So please raise your hand and let me go
Rather than joining the wealthy
I would rather live a normal life with Ah Chan
The girl I chose?
It's just the best.
So grandpa
You guys are married anyway
This engagement is useless
Thanks grandpa
Qianjun, you and Xiaolu must be well
Mr. Lu is so domineering
Grandpa Lu is so easy to talk to
Grandpa
Are you exposing my identity?
I'm on your side now
I won't force you anymore.
Grandpa you are
Don't ask
I just want to report to Zunsun as soon as possible
Hahahaha
What did you say to grandpa?
Secret
You'll find out in a while at the banquet